the rules for 4 clear can often
generate confusion and misunderstanding the
world champion alessandro calbucci
of all the false rules foot in
beat
in the video we will explain article 19 of the
yesterday regulation
only regular or tolerated
correct movement with on the hard hospice
the wind tolerated with surface 2
movements identical to the previous ones but with
soft sand
avoidable movement of the line comes
tolerated as established in case 2
Article 19 the movement does not
significant of the feet
it is instead admitted by article 19
irregular paragraphs
probably regular due to the
positioning of the foot under a dispute
before the trial begins
service conviction irregular randomly the
dragging of the herons line and e
back and strengthen movement a
adjust the dragging randomly
significant of the liga with the foot
eternal irregular movement due to the
walkway that the role of the servant